DOCSP-34717: agg tutorial cleanup + standardization (#839)
mongodb/docs-node: source/aggregation-tutorials/one-to-one-join.txt

Aggregation Task Summary
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This tutorial demonstrates how to join data from two

> collections describing product information and customer orders.

Author: changed in both relevant tutorials

      Add a :manual:`$match
      </reference/operator/aggregation/match>` stage that matches
      orders placed in 2020:

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/aggregation/one-to-one-join.js
         :language: javascript
         :copyable: true
         :start-after: start-match
         :end-before: end-match
         :dedent:

   .. step:: Add a lookup stage to link the collections

      Next, add a :manual:`$lookup
      </reference/operator/aggregation/lookup>` stage. The
      ``$lookup`` stage joins the ``product_id`` field in the ``orders``
      collection, to the ``id`` field in the ``products`` collection:

      .. literalinclude:: /includes/aggregation/one-to-one-join.js
         :language: javascript
         :copyable: true
         :start-after: start-lookup
         :end-before: end-lookup
         :dedent:

   .. step:: Add set stages to create new document fields

      Next, add two :manual:`$set </reference/operator/aggregation/set>`
      stages to the pipeline.
            
      The first ``$set`` stage, sets the ``product_mapping`` field
      to the first element in the ``product_mapping`` object
      created in the previous ``$lookup`` stage. 

>       The second ``$set`` stage creates a new ``product_name`` and
>       ``product_category`` field from the values in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The second ``$set`` stage creates two new fields, ``product_name`` and
      ``product_category``, from the values in the
```
